gen: retype Options.Plugin for external implements (#444)
thriftrw/thriftrw-go: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [Unreleased]
### Changed

> - gen.Options.Plugin was redefined to be a gen.CodeGenerator, allowing for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gen: Redefine Options.Plugin as a struct usable outside go.uber.org/thriftrw.
```
